true if you are bad enough
for you to say I have to go to
couples therapy what you should do
is save your time and save your
money just break up that damn
relationship and yes I know a
lot of people will come saying oh no but
Dalas I want to fight for that reason you are not going to
fight for absolutely nothing you are only going to be
wasting your time
wasting your money with more
frustrations and you are never going to get anything
clear out of it you really believe that
by going 2 3 hours 4 hours a week to
couples therapy magically your
problems are going to change magically your
relationship is going to be resolved at all
but never ever and another thing I'm
going to tell you 99% of the times that a
relationship goes beyond a certain point of
disrespect arguments or
something that suddenly causes the two of you boom they
start arguing that's why there is
practically never going back